if login is on the screen , click on login .
else login is on the screen , click on login .
elif login is on the screen , click on login .
elseif login is on the screen , click on login .
else if login is on the screen , click on login .
if zzra zzjx , zzab .
else zzss zzcm zzvy zzdp , zzmi zzgc zzzp zzxm .
elif zzsm , zznx zzth zzom .
elseif zzba zzwz zzth zznx zzxp zzum , zzoz zzhe zznf zzjs zzds .
else if zzhi , zzrd .
if login is on the screen , then click on login .
else login is on the screen , then click on login .
elif login is on the screen , then click on login .
elseif login is on the screen , then click on login .
else if login is on the screen , then click on login .
if zzgv zzlx zzzb zzfh , then zzdz .
else zznt zzye zzgx zzev , then zzvr zzzs zzln zzqj .
elif zzeg zzid , then zzbu zzfb zzcr zzvn .
elseif zzaa zzpy zzgt , then zzxs zzpj zzqr zzwz zzza zzyf .
else if zzrj zztu zzvh zzpw zzqa zzss , then zzmx zzia zzsz zzlp .
if , click on login .
else , click on login .
elif , click on login .
elseif , click on login .
else if , click on login .
if , zzvv zzdy .
else , zzww zzyt zzzp zzyt zzuh zzxz .
elif , zzpn zzlo zzgx .
elseif , zzdo zzgo zzwu zzlr zzvd zzah .
else if , zzhy zzly zzzj zzgj .
if login is on the screen , run block4 for 5 rows .
else login is on the screen , run block4 for 5 rows .
elif login is on the screen , run block4 for 5 rows .
elseif login is on the screen , run block4 for 5 rows .
else if login is on the screen , run block4 for 5 rows .
if zznd , zzoo zzqb zzrr zzne .
else zzjg , zzhj .
elif zzij zzin zzqt , zzic zzuv zzlt .
elseif zzzf zzfx zzdn , zzzg zzce zzdx zzpm zznf .
else if zzov , zzdj zzpn zziw .
if BOQ login EOQ is on the screen , run block77 for 66 rows .
else BOQ login EOQ is on the screen , run block77 for 66 rows .
elif BOQ login EOQ is on the screen , run block77 for 66 rows .
elseif BOQ login EOQ is on the screen , run block77 for 66 rows .
else if BOQ login EOQ is on the screen , run block77 for 66 rows .
if zzoc zznj zzvh , zzjb zztg zzfe zzub zzta zzkh .
else zzpq , zzmd zzmq zzrp .
elif zzay zzqk zzbe zzgt , zzeo zzxz zzjt .
elseif zzmd zzic zzpl , zzcx zzcd zzig zzkn zzxn .
else if zzxr zzav zzkx zzss zzsz , zzzf zzlm zznq zzpr zzwk .
if BOQ Credit EOQ is on the screen , then run block44 for 55 rows .
else BOQ Credit EOQ is on the screen , then run block44 for 55 rows .
elif BOQ Credit EOQ is on the screen , then run block44 for 55 rows .
elseif BOQ Credit EOQ is on the screen , then run block44 for 55 rows .
else if BOQ Credit EOQ is on the screen , then run block44 for 55 rows .
if zzwp zzfv , then zzvm zzpw zzja zztn .
else zzxt zzco zzvv zznx , then zzgv .
elif zzly zzfw zzpr zzwn zzwg zztg , then zzgm .
elseif zzyb zzwb zzpk zzno zzwi , then zzno zzid zzaf zzsc zzsg .
else if zzhn zzwc , then zzng zzwl zzgo zzjh .
if Username is on the screen , click on login .
else Username is on the screen , click on login .
elif Username is on the screen , click on login .
elseif Username is on the screen , click on login .
else if Username is on the screen , click on login .
if zzko zzrs zzxq zzbc , zzmx zzkr zzmg .
else zzxr zzcv zzxs zzxj zzfb zzrk , zzlv .
elif zzbc zzvf zzfb zzzu zzaz , zznw zzwn zzzf zzwg zzum .
elseif zzkp zzrd zzjc zzrq zzur zzui , zzas zzcl zzvo zzaz zzis .
else if zzrn zzxs zzgm zzja , zzrw zzpl zzqa zzlh .
if login is on the screen , continue .
else login is on the screen , continue .
elif login is on the screen , continue .
elseif login is on the screen , continue .
else if login is on the screen , continue .
if zzxp zzei zzqf zzoa zzfn zznc , zzvo .
else zzmb zzjr zzqd zzgv zzff , zzpy zzts zzzm .
elif zzfx , zzrd .
elseif zzlv zzhk , zzks zzyl zzwu zzwl .
else if zzsg zzzg zzxg zzrw zzyq , zznj zzeb zzms .
if login is on the screen , continue .
else login is on the screen , continue .
elif login is on the screen , continue .
elseif login is on the screen , continue .
else if login is on the screen , continue .
if zzjp , zzbb zzto zzgg .
else zzlc zzqd , zzlu zzcz zzaj zzck zzqt zzgy .
elif zzle zzma zzvm zzbb zzhz zzok , zzmk .
elseif zzby zzcl zzkb , zzyz zzlq zzrd .
else if zzmo zznx zzkp zzjf zzbd zzuf , zzqb zzhi zzmg zzso zzqz .
if login is on the screen , break .
else login is on the screen , break .
elif login is on the screen , break .
elseif login is on the screen , break .
else if login is on the screen , break .
if zzir zzgk zzpv zzny zzuv zzrl , zzmt zznm zzrl zzts .
else zzfi zzly zzmq zzea zzax zznv , zzix .
elif zzsr zzjt zzve zzyx zzzn zzwc , zzpj .
elseif zzve zzlx zzae , zzgp zzun zzee zzim zzww .
else if zzjv zzuu zzrp , zzis zzmq zzew zzwf zzuo zzaf .
if , continue .
if continue .
else , continue .
else continue .
elif , continue .
elif continue .
elseif , continue .
elseif continue .
else if , continue .
else if continue .
if , zzqd zzbi zzbk .
if zzvi zzab zziw zzcd .
else , zzbg zzxe .
else zzgw .
elif , zzdk .
elif zzat zzzk zzjz zzni zzum .
elseif , zzpp zzpf zzed .
elseif zzmr .
else if , zzar zzul .
else if zzdw zzpr .
if , break .
if break .
else , break .
else break .
elif , break .
elif break .
elseif , break .
elseif break .
else if , break .
else if break .
if , zzni zzwu zzcl zztl zzxq zzqs .
if zzuq .
else , zzmp zzla zzul zzuw .
else zzej zzqu zzgv .
elif , zzqp .
elif zzfp zzsk zzqn zzpx zzmk zzdx .
elseif , zzdd .
elseif zznh zzkc zzfq .
else if , zzvm zzun .
else if zzuw zzfa zzpu zzwe zzry zzgw .
