if login is on the screen , click on login .
else login is on the screen , click on login .
elif login is on the screen , click on login .
elseif login is on the screen , click on login .
else if login is on the screen , click on login .
if zzad zzea zzwv zzdl zzsi zztd , zzrb .
else zzjf zznx , zzuu zzpo .
elif zzhe zzkd zzkh zzkh , zzon zzqf zzfa zzmh zzda .
elseif zzbz zzmu zzur , zzoh zzry zzdi zzvd zzpb zzia .
else if zzyj zzzi , zzgv .
if login is on the screen , then click on login .
else login is on the screen , then click on login .
elif login is on the screen , then click on login .
elseif login is on the screen , then click on login .
else if login is on the screen , then click on login .
if zzii zzqf zzbf , then zzen zzrw zzwv zzij zzsq .
else zzfi zzqi zzyd zzdo zzqy zzbf , then zzjb zzir zzqj zzgg .
elif zzem zzhi zzra zzeb zzfe zzcf , then zzcr zzlc zzuk zzmp zzer .
elseif zzaz zzsr zznc , then zzzw zzjs zztb zzaj .
else if zzvk zzfr zzgm zzgz zzpp zzqb , then zzcw zzmv .
if , click on login .
else , click on login .
elif , click on login .
elseif , click on login .
else if , click on login .
if , zzlq zzgv zzck zzya zzla .
else , zzyo zzhn zzcy zzzp .
elif , zzpr .
elseif , zzas zzzi .
else if , zzul zzfw zzgq .
if login is on the screen , run block4 for 5 rows .
else login is on the screen , run block4 for 5 rows .
elif login is on the screen , run block4 for 5 rows .
elseif login is on the screen , run block4 for 5 rows .
else if login is on the screen , run block4 for 5 rows .
if zzod zzxy zznk zzmv , zzxj .
else zzhg zzyy , zznd zzvm zzca zzlr zzmy zzdq .
elif zzmt zzwr , zzdv zzle zzqi .
elseif zzpb , zzeg zzbn .
else if zzhl , zzfy zznj .
if BOQ login EOQ is on the screen , run block77 for 66 rows .
else BOQ login EOQ is on the screen , run block77 for 66 rows .
elif BOQ login EOQ is on the screen , run block77 for 66 rows .
elseif BOQ login EOQ is on the screen , run block77 for 66 rows .
else if BOQ login EOQ is on the screen , run block77 for 66 rows .
if zzkq zzaa zzdy zzlk , zzgz zzjb .
else zzun zzuu zzht zzdk , zzpg .
elif zzcr zztb zzsb zzsf , zzth zzjd zzpd zzof .
elseif zzpz zzxh zznt zzta zzqd , zztg zzvu zztc zzvx .
else if zzfp zzup , zzty zzgu zzgd .
if BOQ Credit EOQ is on the screen , then run block44 for 55 rows .
else BOQ Credit EOQ is on the screen , then run block44 for 55 rows .
elif BOQ Credit EOQ is on the screen , then run block44 for 55 rows .
elseif BOQ Credit EOQ is on the screen , then run block44 for 55 rows .
else if BOQ Credit EOQ is on the screen , then run block44 for 55 rows .
if zzfw zzbz zzcl zzcp zzmn zzoj , then zzjn zztd zzsu zzbw zzge zzpe .
else zzvm zzbb zzlw zzcr , then zzlx zzuf zzyt zzdz zzyw .
elif zzra zzey zzil zzeq zzzo zznc , then zzmp zzvz zzwe zzag zzrh .
elseif zzfn zzgw zzhg zzdy zzro , then zzga zzxf zzmn zzlu zzke zzys .
else if zzsq zzmt zzyg zzsq zzvn zzcm , then zzfd zzox zzdo zzhh zzti zzwv .
if Username is on the screen , click on login .
else Username is on the screen , click on login .
elif Username is on the screen , click on login .
elseif Username is on the screen , click on login .
else if Username is on the screen , click on login .
if zzvg zzfx zzbh zzsy , zzkv zzhp zzkf zzdk .
else zzzk zzfy , zzcj zzxh zzwy zzko zzrf zzpm .
elif zzlf zzeb zzni zzqp zztf , zztr zzcc zzgz zzsn zzin zzfx .
elseif zzxg zzfg zzbx zzim , zzcn zzme .
else if zzgm zzhv zzlu , zzsa zzmc zzwx zzvo .
if login is on the screen , continue .
else login is on the screen , continue .
elif login is on the screen , continue .
elseif login is on the screen , continue .
else if login is on the screen , continue .
if zzse zzkq zzfp zzfj zzcv , zzst zzpi zzhq .
else zzpv zzkm , zzwc zzod .
elif zzqf zzga zzly zzoj zzqj zzju , zzmz zzpq zzpt zzrp zzqx zzap .
elseif zzoq zzot zzbl , zzhe zzeb .
else if zzan zzpd zzxm zzmf zzbt zzdw , zzra zzcb zzzy .
if login is on the screen , continue .
else login is on the screen , continue .
elif login is on the screen , continue .
elseif login is on the screen , continue .
else if login is on the screen , continue .
if zzgf zzgn , zzun .
else zzkc zzif zzwm zzex , zznp zzwf zzpe zziv .
elif zzpk zzwo , zzar zzgy zzom zzje zzti .
elseif zzrx , zzdu .
else if zzty zzau zziw zziv , zzdi zzvv zzif zzpq zzed zzfy .
if login is on the screen , break .
else login is on the screen , break .
elif login is on the screen , break .
elseif login is on the screen , break .
else if login is on the screen , break .
if zzbe zzel zzpa zziq , zzhh zzrb .
else zzjh zzcx , zzea zzhi zzyx .
elif zzlm zzpu zzlg zzwi zzgw , zzhs zzqn .
elseif zzrn zzfh zzvp zzun , zzsa .
else if zzfp zzgg zzjd zzcg , zzqy zzpe zzuw zzit zzwt .
if , continue .
if continue .
else , continue .
else continue .
elif , continue .
elif continue .
elseif , continue .
elseif continue .
else if , continue .
else if continue .
if , zzei .
if zzdf zzfs .
else , zztw zzbn zzng .
else zzrq .
elif , zztl zzmd zzuq zzjh zzhi zzdk .
elif zzxb zzhp zzvb .
elseif , zzmd zznx zzzw .
elseif zzmh zzdj .
else if , zztj zzbh zzca zziz zzxf .
else if zzfb zzwe .
if , break .
if break .
else , break .
else break .
elif , break .
elif break .
elseif , break .
elseif break .
else if , break .
else if break .
if , zzul zzdr zzpi zzzv zzyi .
if zzul zzzd .
else , zzlq zzcv .
else zzzt zzru .
elif , zzzn zzat zzba zzyg .
elif zzvj zzrc .
elseif , zzbd zzus zzai zzlp .
elseif zzsi zzpp zzli zzry zzgb .
else if , zzgg zzwf zzsl .
else if zzvm zzpa zzly .
